README.md, before:

# 0xNetworth - Investment Tracking Dashboard

A comprehensive investment tracking dashboard that aggregates data from Coinbase to provide a unified view of net worth and investment performance.

## Architecture

- **React Frontend** - Modern dashboard displaying investment data, charts, and net worth calculations
- **Go Backend API** - Aggregates data from Coinbase API and serves to frontend
- **Kubernetes Deployment** - Helm chart for easy deployment in homelab cluster

## Project Structure

```
0xNetworth/
├── frontend/          # React application (TypeScript + Vite + Tailwind CSS)
├── backend/           # Go API server (Gin framework)
├── helm/              # Helm chart for Kubernetes deployment
├── scripts/           # Version extraction and utility scripts
└── .github/workflows/ # CI/CD pipeline
```

## Features

### Phase 1: Core Dashboard (In Progress)
- Project initialization and structure
- Backend API foundation
- Frontend dashboard foundation

### Phase 2: Coinbase Integration (Planned)
- Coinbase API integration
- Account balance tracking
- Portfolio data visualization


### Phase 4: Dashboard & Visualization (Planned)
- Net worth calculation and display
- Investment performance charts
- Platform-specific summaries

### Phase 5: Deployment ✅ **Completed**
- Helm chart for Kubernetes
- CI/CD pipeline
- Homelab integration via Flux CD (Planned)

### Future Enhancements
- Agentic workflow for market analysis
- Historical performance tracking
- Transaction history
- Tax reporting
- Multi-currency support
- Alert system

## Development

### Prerequisites

- **Go 1.21+** - [Install Go](https://golang.org/doc/install)
- **Node.js 18+** - [Install Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
- **Docker** - For containerization
- **Kubernetes** - For deployment (optional for local development)

### Backend Setup

1. Navigate to the backend directory:
```bash
cd backend
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
go mod download
```

3. Run the server:
```bash
go run cmd/server/main.go
```

The backend will start on `http://localhost:8080`.

### Frontend Setup

1. Navigate to the frontend directory:
```bash
cd frontend
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Start the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

The frontend will start on `http://localhost:5173` (or another port if 5173 is taken).

## API Integration

### Coinbase

Coinbase integration uses the Coinbase Advanced Trade API. The integration is fully implemented and ready to use.

**Setup:**
1. Create an API key in your Coinbase account:
   - Go to https://www.coinbase.com/settings/api
   - Create a new API key with appropriate permissions (read-only recommended)
   - Save the API key and secret (you'll only see the secret once)

2. Set environment variables:
   ```bash
   export COINBASE_API_KEY=your_api_key_here
   export COINBASE_API_SECRET=your_api_secret_here
   ```

3. Or create a `.env` file in the backend directory:
   ```
   COINBASE_API_KEY=your_api_key_here
   COINBASE_API_SECRET=your_api_secret_here
   ```

**Features:**
- Fetches all Coinbase accounts (trading, savings, etc.)
- Retrieves portfolio holdings
- Gets current cryptocurrency prices
- Calculates investment values
- Automatic sync via API endpoints


## Deployment

The project includes a Helm chart for Kubernetes deployment and a CI/CD pipeline that automatically builds and publishes Docker images and Helm charts to GitHub Container Registry (GHCR).

### CI/CD Pipeline

The CI/CD pipeline (`.github/workflows/ci-cd.yml`) runs on:
- Push to `main` branch (development builds)
- Git tags matching `v*` pattern (release builds)
- Manual trigger via `workflow_dispatch`

### Versioning Strategy

All builds use semantic versioning (semver):

- **Release builds** (git tags like `v1.0.0`):
  - Images tagged: `1.0.0`, `latest`
  - Helm chart version: `1.0.0`
  - Chart appVersion: `1.0.0`

- **Development builds** (push to main):
  - Images tagged: `0.0.0-<short-commit>`, `main`
  - Helm chart version: `0.0.0-<short-commit>` (pre-release semver format)
  - Chart appVersion: `0.0.0-<short-commit>`

### Published Artifacts

**Docker Images** (published to GHCR):
- `ghcr.io/0xjmart/0xnetworth/backend:<version>`
- `ghcr.io/0xjmart/0xnetworth/frontend:<version>`

**Helm Chart** (published as OCI artifact):
- `oci://ghcr.io/0xjmart/0xnetworth/0xnetworth:<version>`

### Using Published Images

Pull and use the published Docker images:

```bash
# Pull a specific version
docker pull ghcr.io/0xjmart/0xnetworth/backend:1.0.0
docker pull ghcr.io/0xjmart/0xnetworth/frontend:1.0.0

# Or use latest
docker pull ghcr.io/0xjmart/0xnetworth/backend:latest
```

### Using Published Helm Chart

Install the Helm chart from the OCI registry:

```bash
# Add the OCI registry (if needed)
helm registry login ghcr.io

# Install from OCI registry
helm install 0xnetworth oci://ghcr.io/0xjmart/0xnetworth/0xnetworth --version 1.0.0

# Or install latest
helm install 0xnetworth oci://ghcr.io/0xjmart/0xnetworth/0xnetworth
```

### Triggering Builds

**Automatic builds:**
- Push to `main` branch triggers a development build
- Create and push a git tag (e.g., `v1.0.0`) to trigger a release build

**Manual builds:**
- Go to Actions tab in GitHub
- Select "CI/CD - Build and Publish" workflow
- Click "Run workflow"

### Using Published Helm Chart

```bash
# Add the OCI registry (if needed)
helm registry login ghcr.io

# Install from OCI registry
helm install 0xnetworth oci://ghcr.io/0xjmart/0xnetworth/0xnetworth --version 1.0.0
```

## Security

- Never commit API keys to the repository
- Use Kubernetes secrets for sensitive data
- All API keys should be stored as environment variables or secrets
- HTTPS only in production

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Update Coinbase API to use Key Name and Private Key format
- Change from COINBASE_API_KEY/SECRET to COINBASE_API_KEY_NAME/PRIVATE_KEY
- Update client to use apiKeyName and privateKey fields
- Support legacy environment variable names for backward compatibility
- Update Helm chart to use correct secret key names
- Update documentation with correct Coinbase API format

README.md, after:

# 0xNetworth - Investment Tracking Dashboard

A comprehensive investment tracking dashboard that aggregates data from Coinbase to provide a unified view of net worth and investment performance.

## Architecture

- **React Frontend** - Modern dashboard displaying investment data, charts, and net worth calculations
- **Go Backend API** - Aggregates data from Coinbase API and serves to frontend
- **Kubernetes Deployment** - Helm chart for easy deployment in homelab cluster

## Project Structure

```
0xNetworth/
├── frontend/          # React application (TypeScript + Vite + Tailwind CSS)
├── backend/           # Go API server (Gin framework)
├── helm/              # Helm chart for Kubernetes deployment
├── scripts/           # Version extraction and utility scripts
└── .github/workflows/ # CI/CD pipeline
```

## Features

### Phase 1: Core Dashboard (In Progress)
- Project initialization and structure
- Backend API foundation
- Frontend dashboard foundation

### Phase 2: Coinbase Integration (Planned)
- Coinbase API integration
- Account balance tracking
- Portfolio data visualization


### Phase 4: Dashboard & Visualization (Planned)
- Net worth calculation and display
- Investment performance charts
- Platform-specific summaries

### Phase 5: Deployment ✅ **Completed**
- Helm chart for Kubernetes
- CI/CD pipeline
- Homelab integration via Flux CD (Planned)

### Future Enhancements
- Agentic workflow for market analysis
- Historical performance tracking
- Transaction history
- Tax reporting
- Multi-currency support
- Alert system

## Development

### Prerequisites

- **Go 1.21+** - [Install Go](https://golang.org/doc/install)
- **Node.js 18+** - [Install Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
- **Docker** - For containerization
- **Kubernetes** - For deployment (optional for local development)

### Backend Setup

1. Navigate to the backend directory:
```bash
cd backend
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
go mod download
```

3. Run the server:
```bash
go run cmd/server/main.go
```

The backend will start on `http://localhost:8080`.

### Frontend Setup

1. Navigate to the frontend directory:
```bash
cd frontend
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Start the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

The frontend will start on `http://localhost:5173` (or another port if 5173 is taken).

## API Integration

### Coinbase

Coinbase integration uses the Coinbase Advanced Trade API. The integration is fully implemented and ready to use.

**Setup:**
1. Create an API key in your Coinbase account:
   - Go to https://www.coinbase.com/settings/api
   - Create a new API key with appropriate permissions (read-only recommended)
   - Save the API key and secret (you'll only see the secret once)

2. Set environment variables:
   ```bash
   export COINBASE_API_KEY_NAME=your_api_key_name
   export COINBASE_API_PRIVATE_KEY=your_private_key
   ```
   
   **Note:** Coinbase Advanced Trade API uses an API Key Name (ID) and a Private Key. You can also use the legacy variable names `COINBASE_API_KEY` and `COINBASE_API_SECRET` for backward compatibility.

3. Or create a `.env` file in the backend directory:
   ```
   COINBASE_API_KEY_NAME=your_api_key_name
   COINBASE_API_PRIVATE_KEY=your_private_key
   ```

**Features:**
- Fetches all Coinbase accounts (trading, savings, etc.)
- Retrieves portfolio holdings
- Gets current cryptocurrency prices
- Calculates investment values
- Automatic sync via API endpoints


## Deployment

The project includes a Helm chart for Kubernetes deployment and a CI/CD pipeline that automatically builds and publishes Docker images and Helm charts to GitHub Container Registry (GHCR).

### CI/CD Pipeline

The CI/CD pipeline (`.github/workflows/ci-cd.yml`) runs on:
- Push to `main` branch (development builds)
- Git tags matching `v*` pattern (release builds)
- Manual trigger via `workflow_dispatch`

### Versioning Strategy

All builds use semantic versioning (semver):

- **Release builds** (git tags like `v1.0.0`):
  - Images tagged: `1.0.0`, `latest`
  - Helm chart version: `1.0.0`
  - Chart appVersion: `1.0.0`

- **Development builds** (push to main):
  - Images tagged: `0.0.0-<short-commit>`, `main`
  - Helm chart version: `0.0.0-<short-commit>` (pre-release semver format)
  - Chart appVersion: `0.0.0-<short-commit>`

### Published Artifacts

**Docker Images** (published to GHCR):
- `ghcr.io/0xjmart/0xnetworth/backend:<version>`
- `ghcr.io/0xjmart/0xnetworth/frontend:<version>`

**Helm Chart** (published as OCI artifact):
- `oci://ghcr.io/0xjmart/0xnetworth/0xnetworth:<version>`

### Using Published Images

Pull and use the published Docker images:

```bash
# Pull a specific version
docker pull ghcr.io/0xjmart/0xnetworth/backend:1.0.0
docker pull ghcr.io/0xjmart/0xnetworth/frontend:1.0.0

# Or use latest
docker pull ghcr.io/0xjmart/0xnetworth/backend:latest
```

### Using Published Helm Chart

Install the Helm chart from the OCI registry:

```bash
# Add the OCI registry (if needed)
helm registry login ghcr.io

# Install from OCI registry
helm install 0xnetworth oci://ghcr.io/0xjmart/0xnetworth/0xnetworth --version 1.0.0

# Or install latest
helm install 0xnetworth oci://ghcr.io/0xjmart/0xnetworth/0xnetworth
```

### Triggering Builds

**Automatic builds:**
- Push to `main` branch triggers a development build
- Create and push a git tag (e.g., `v1.0.0`) to trigger a release build

**Manual builds:**
- Go to Actions tab in GitHub
- Select "CI/CD - Build and Publish" workflow
- Click "Run workflow"

### Using Published Helm Chart

```bash
# Add the OCI registry (if needed)
helm registry login ghcr.io

# Install from OCI registry
helm install 0xnetworth oci://ghcr.io/0xjmart/0xnetworth/0xnetworth --version 1.0.0
```

## Security

- Never commit API keys to the repository
- Use Kubernetes secrets for sensitive data
- All API keys should be stored as environment variables or secrets
- HTTPS only in production

## License

MIT
